lightning: add IMPORT INTO vs. TiDB Lightning (#17410)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md

>
> Currently, `IMPORT INTO ... FROM SELECT` is experimental. It is not recommended that you use it in production environments. This feature might be changed or removed without prior notice. If you find a bug, you can report an [issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues) on GitHub.

<CustomContent platform="tidb">

> **Note:**
>

> > Compared with [TiDB Lightning](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-overview.md), `IMPORT INTO` has greatly improved in terms of deployment, resource utilization, task configuration convenience, ease of invocation and integration, automated distributed task scheduling and management, enhanced import stability based on [TiDB Global Sort](/tidb-global-sort.md), high availability, and scalability. It is recommended that you consider using `IMPORT INTO` instead of TiDB Lightning in appropriate scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Compared with [TiDB Lightning](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-overview.md), `IMPORT INTO` can be directly executed on TiDB nodes, supports automated distributed task scheduling and [TiDB Global Sort](/tidb-global-sort.md), and offers significant improvements in deployment, resource utilization, task configuration convenience, ease of invocation and integration, high availability, and scalability. It is recommended that you consider using `IMPORT INTO` instead of TiDB Lightning in appropriate scenarios.
```
